README.md, before:


Package contents
=================
 - The Kaltura client library base (KalturaClientBase, KalturaObjectBase...)
 - Auto generated core APIs (KalturaClient...)
 - Required JAR files
 - Project files
 - Library test code and data files (KalturaClientTester/*)
 - Reference application (DemoApplication/*)

Running the test code
======================
1. Import the projects into Eclipse - 
	a. right click in the Package Explorer
	b. Import...
	c. Android->Existing Android Code Into Workspace
2. Edit KalturaClientTester/src/com.kaltura.client.test/KalturaTestConfig and fill out your Kaltura account information
3. Right click on KalturaClientTester/src/com.kaltura.client.test/KalturaTestSuite
4. Run As->Android JUnit Test


Running the demo application
=============================
1. Import the projects into Eclipse (see above)
2. Edit com.kaltura.activity.Splash/src/com.kaltura.activity/Settings.java
3. Search for etEmail.setText and etPassword.setText
4. Set the default user / password to the credentials of you Kaltura KMC account
5. Hit the play button

Commit message:

update readme to include playerSDK submodule

README.md, after:

Package contents
=================
 - The Kaltura client library base (KalturaClientBase, KalturaObjectBase...)
 - Auto generated core APIs (KalturaClient...)
 - Required JAR files
 - Project files
 - Library test code and data files (KalturaClientTester/*)
 - Reference application (DemoApplication/*)

Running the test code
======================
1. Import the projects into Eclipse - 
	a. right click in the Package Explorer
	b. Import...
	c. Android->Existing Android Code Into Workspace
2. Edit KalturaClientTester/src/com.kaltura.client.test/KalturaTestConfig and fill out your Kaltura account information
3. Right click on KalturaClientTester/src/com.kaltura.client.test/KalturaTestSuite
4. Run As->Android JUnit Test


Running the demo application
=============================
1. Init PlayerSDK submodule to your local path
2. Import the projects into Eclipse (KalturaClient, Kaltura and PlayerSDK)
2. Edit com.kaltura.activity.Splash/src/com.kaltura.activity/Settings.java
3. Search for etEmail.setText and etPassword.setText
4. Set the default user / password to the credentials of you Kaltura KMC account
5. Hit the play button
